{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red75\green75\blue75;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red38\green63\blue86;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10700\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Glass Pumpkin Sale\

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\fs24 \cf3 \cb4 October 29th, 2014 by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://smsconnect.cias.rit.edu/author/bxj1137/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 Brianna Juda}}\cf5 \ul \ulc5 \

\fs26 \cf2 \cb1 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa600
\cf2 One of my favorite activities in fall\'a0is pumpkin picking, so I was excited when I heard about The School for American Crafts Glass Department\'92s 10th annual Glass Pumpkin Sale. What\'92s better than a pumpkin that will last forever? The event took place on\'a0Saturday September 27th and was scheduled from 11am-4pm. I pulled into the Red Barn around 11:45am because I had heard, that in order to find the best pieces you have to arrive early to this event.\
When they said early, they meant early! After waiting in line for about 10 minutes, I finally walked into the pumpkin patch, only to find less than 50 pieces left. They had a large variety of pieces, including pumpkins, leaves, skulls, vases, and even glow in the dark pieces. All of the pieces were beautiful and in a variety of styles. The glow in the dark pieces were new this year, but after how well their sales turned out, I\'92m sure they will be creating them again.\
I spoke to one of the volunteers at the pumpkin patch, who told me this was their biggest year yet. When the volunteers arrived to set up at 10am, there were already people waiting in line. She was surprised at how quickly the pieces were selling. They began the morning with over 1,000 pumpkins, and at noon there were only around 30 left! Last year when the event ended, there were 50 pumpkins remaining. The volunteer\'a0said that they would most likely sell out before the event\'92s scheduled end time of 4pm.\
The moral of the story is, next year the earlier the better! In this situation the early bird most definitely gets the worm (err\'85pumpkin). If you wait until later, you might get stuck picking ordinary pumpkins in a normal pumpkin patch instead of going home with a one-of-a-kind art piece.\
}