{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue24;\red255\green255\blue255;\red75\green75\blue75;
\red38\green63\blue86;\red36\green36\blue36;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 How to Bring Your A-Game to the Career Fair\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf4 September 15th, 2014 by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://smsconnect.cias.rit.edu/author/kap7818/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 kap7818}}
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa400
\cf2 \
On Wednesday, October 1st, RIT will be hosting over 240 companies at the Career Fair! The Career Fair is a great way to network and create opportunities for future internships, co-ops, and jobs. If you\'92re new to RIT or haven\'92t been to the Career Fair, the RIT Office of Cooperative Education and Career Services has created some events to help you prepare!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa600

\f1\fs26 \cf6 WALK-IN RESUME REVIEWS
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Monday \'96 Friday 9:30am \'96 11:30am\u8232 Monday, Tuesday, Thursday 1:30pm \'96 3:30pm\u8232 With the Office of Career Services & Co-op at the Bausch & Lomb Center\u8232 Walk in to have your resume reviewed by Career Services staff. No appointment necessary but don\'92t wait until the last minute!\

\b JUMP START YOUR CAREER
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Wednesday, September 17th\u8232 3:30pm \'96 4:30pm\u8232 Bausch and Lomb Center\

\b MOCK INTERVIEW DAY
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Friday, September 26th\u8232 9:00am \'96 4:00pm\u8232 Bausch and Lomb Center\
Sharpen your interviewing skills by practicing one-on-one with a company representative from one of our local employers. You must register for this event!\

\b CAREER FAIR TIPS \'96 RECRUITER PANEL
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Monday, September 29th\u8232 4:00pm \'96 5:00pm\u8232 Student Alumni Union \'96 1829 Room\
These \'a0are just a few of the events that could help you succeed at the job fair! Visit{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rit.edu/emcs/oce/students/workshops-and-company-info-sessions"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 http://www.rit.edu/emcs/oce/students/workshops-and-company-info-sessions}} for more information.\
Another tool that could give you a hand is the RIT Career Fair Plus app for Android. The app enables you to see which companies are attending the fair, a map of the Field House, events to help you prepare, and other Career Fair announcements.\
The career fair is an exciting opportunity, so take some time to prepare:\

\b Do Some Research
\b0 \uc0\u8232 By researching companies you\'92re interested in, you will have something to talk about when you visit their table at the Career Fair!\

\b Update Your Resume
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Resumes are necessary evils, and it can be hard to make time to update it. However, you should be sure to update your resume before the fair, so employers have an idea of what kind of job experience you have.\

\b Dress Up!
\b0 \uc0\u8232 Employers are looking at you, be sure to be tidy and clean when you come to the Career Fair! The old adage \'93Dress for the job you want, not the job you have!\'94 is great to keep in mind.\
Don\'92t forget to check out {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.rit.edu/emcs/oce/"}}{\fldrslt \cf5 \ul \ulc5 RIT Job Zone}}, where you can find all the companies that will be in attendance. You can also follow the RIT Career Fair on Twitter @RITCareerFair, and #RITCF. Remember it is important to feel confident and comfortable at the Career Fair. The Career Fair is a rewarding experience, \'a0don\'92t miss your chance to network with future employers! Good luck!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420
\cf6 \
}